hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be sharing
a classic old school study with me with
you basically a time lapse over the
course of the last few days where i've
been working on
two summative essays so i hope that it's
able to give you a boost of motivation
and i hope that you enjoy
[Music]
[Applause]
life is a winding road no telling where
it goes driving through days and nights
[Music]
won't stop for traffic lights
goes even if i'm falling down
i will keep on searching for my eyes
you can say i lost my mind i will keep
on holding my head
high even the sky is falling
[Music]
down
jumping from cliffs so high
[Music]
trust in our wings to fly
sometimes we're crashing down
but we get up and start from the ground
and i really wanna know
if i let her figure
out where the road goes
[Music]
even if i'm falling down i will keep on
searching for my
eyes
you can say i lost my mind i will keep
on holding my head
high even if the sky is falling
down the sky
falling down
[Music]
even if the sky is falling down
[Applause]
is
[Music]
heading back to what used to be home
passing by those little towns i know
so well stopping for gas and then behind
the wheel
[Music]
don't
holding on
[Music]
reaching for the sky i had it all but
lost
and fell back down again
i spent my time playing the game where
every single day was a losing battle
and every drink was a dead end
[Music]
another day
do
[Music]
[Applause]
why do i feel so empty deep within
where did i go
[Music]
so
i'm a traveling spirit i've seen
many shows from the west pacific
to the island of kenya
they treat me like a sun anywhere i go
and even though no one can tell i still
feel that i'm alone
i'm alone i'm alone
i'm alone leave me stranded i know how
to handle it on my own
on my own
[Music]
do
i have learned that no one else can't
carry this load
it's a train where i'm the only
passenger on board
oh there is beauty to enjoy on this road
but even so i still feel that i'm alone
[Music]
leave me stranded i know how to handle
it on my own
[Music]
leave me stranded i know how to handle
it on my own
on my own
[Music]
do
i am sitting at this bar trying to
forget
all the fun we used to have
even though i'm better and
time has passed
now i wonder where your mindset in my
dreams i pick
you up i just wanna make it right
i know all about your troubles
wanna drown into your eyes
[Music]
sweet sounds
tonight